---
title: "049 - The Shape of Water (2017)"
date: 2021-07-24T17:43:08-07:00
---
We've been wanting to talk about this movie for some time, and that time is finally here! Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of Water is a fantasy love story set in the 1960s. Join us as we discuss our favorite themes, characters, and scenes. This is definitely a movie you should add to your Must Watch list.
{{< anchor 049 >}}
<!--more-->

## Timestamps
00:00 Intro
01:32 The Phoenix Suns!
07:33 trigoman breeds maggots by accident
11:38 Topic Intro: The Shape of Water
12:12 Roundtable: Tyler
12:31 Roundtable: trigoman
14:05 Roundtable: mexy
16:03 Going meta: it's all in the details
17:28 mexy refuses to give a synopsis! 
18:32 **SPOILERS** Begin
19:04 mexy's favorite character: Brewster
20:11 Tyler's favorite character: Zelda
21:33 trigoman's favorite character: Dr. Hoffstetler
24:06 Elisa stands up to Strickland
25:36 The movie doesn't shy away from portraying the social issues of the time
26:42 The ending was surprising for some
27:54 mexy's favorite scene, when narrator starts and when the credits end
28:27 The love story between the amphibian man and Elisa
29:41 The downfall of Strickland started with amputated fingers
31:09 Why are the bathrooms in a secure facility so nasty? 🤢
31:53 Culture of Secrecy can be seen in the posters
33:16 There seems to be a lot of custodial staff for a top secret facility 🤔
34:30 Was the weird sex stuff necessary?
37:34 Will Elisa grow scales to prevent her skin from puffing up?
38:27 As unrealistic as it was, the bathroom scene was phenomenal
39:29 Confirmed: Brewster is a good for nothing
42:01 The egg timer hehe 🥚
43:24 If you liked The Shape of Water, watch Pan's Labyrinth
46:33 Tomorrow's War was...something
48:09 Outro

Timestamps created with https://clips.marketing by @cgenco

## Show Notes
IMDB: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5580390/

## Credits
{{< podcast-footer >}}
