---
title: "051 - Black Widow"
date: 2021-08-07T20:03:28-07:00
---
Black Widow was slated to come out before Falcon and the Winter Soldier, but when the pandemic hit, everything was delayed. But that's neither here nor there, the fact is that Black Widow is now here and it is action packed without having to worry much about how it's all gonna affect the rest of the MCU. Join us as we discuss our favorite characters and talk about some of the scenes in the movie. If you haven't watched it, please do before digging into this episodes as there will be spoilers, and **don't** forget to watch until the end, there's a stinger!
{{< anchor 051 >}}
<!--more-->

## Timestamps
00:00 Intro
01:15 trigoman bought Air Jordans
03:36 Loki Season Finale Discussion
19:01 Black Widow Introduction
21:01 Roundtable: Tyler
21:45 Roundtable: trigoman
23:03 Roundtable: mexy
25:50 Did Alexei meet a Captain America Variant?
27:44 Black Widow is dead in the present day
28:25 This is a setup for the Young Avengers
30:46 mexy's favorite character: Yelena and Alexei
31:20 Alexei means well even though he goes about it in the most awkward way
32:18 Natasha wears Yelena's vest in all the other movies
33:30 Tyler likes the cold Russian family dynamics
34:43 Alexei reminds trigoman of Homer Simpson
37:00 Taskmaster was a mystery character
37:55 The skydiving scene is similar to the opening scene of Falcon TV series
38:39 Fast 9 has the same speed as Black Widow
39:34 Bridge fight scene was good, introducing Taskmaster and different fighting styles
40:10 The amount of CGI was too damn high!
41:32 Vodka makes Natasha nearly invincible
42:45 Villians always have the crappiest passwords
43:48 Game of Thrones ruined the knife scene 😢
46:20 Will PETA be upset about that pig scene?
48:09 Elaine from Seinfeld shows up in the Stinger!
50:20 Yelena has a doggo! Just like she always wanted 🐶
50:59 Hawkeye is getting his own show on Disney+
52:54 mexy predicts Toretto will show up at the end of all this riding a DeLorean
54:45 What's next? Shang-Chi
01:00:03 mexy would do things for John Krasinski... 😊
01:01:09 Outro

Timestamps created with https://clips.marketing by @cgenco

## Show Notes

## Credits
{{< podcast-footer >}}
