---
title: "059 - The Lost Boys"
date: 2021-10-30T10:30:45-07:00
---
It's spooky season 👻 🎃 so we decided to take a trip to the past and revisit the 80s vampire movie, The Lost Boys. Now, before you write this off, this movie was great for its time, but it does require that you shift your mindset and suspend your disbelief.
{{< anchor 059 >}}
Join us on this discussion where we chat about some of the scenes and our thoughts on this classic.
<!--more-->
## Timestamps
00:00 Intro
01:24 Wouldn't move back to the desert of Arizona!
02:06 DC FanDome announcements
04:57 Supeman's son finds a soulmate
09:06 Kanye West is now just Ye
10:25 Topic Intro: The Lost Boys
11:56 Roundtable: mexy
12:19 Roundtable: Tyler
13:06 Roundtable: trigoman
14:44 mexy's favorite character is the grandpa
18:01 Tyler's favorite characters are the comic book boys
19:34 trigoman's honorable mention, the saxophone guy
21:47 How did the vampires in this movie work?
25:24 Michael drinks the blood in the cave scene
29:42 Obligatory sex scene made no sense!
31:02 The mom showing up to the video store and needing a job
32:25 Vampire feeding frenzy at the bonfire
33:48 The pipes were gushing Vampire juice!
35:33 The final fight was great for being an 80s movie
37:18 The plot twist, who is the Vampire leader?!
40:36 The Lost Boys will get a reboot
41:31 Are Star and Michael together now?!
44:11 Fun Fact: Bella from Twilight also moved from Phoenix to a Vampire town
44:49 Fun Fact: Vampire blood is also glittery in The Lost Boys
45:26 Outro

Timestamps created with https://clips.marketing by @cgenco

## Show Notes
IMDB: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093437/
DC FanDome: https://www.dcfandome.com/
Superman's son: https://www.npr.org/2021/10/11/1044002955/superman-son-comes-out-queer-dc-comics
Epic Sax Guy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gy1B3agGNxw
The Lost Boys Remake: https://movieweb.com/the-lost-boys-reboot-cast-director/

## Credits
{{< podcast-footer >}}

## Transcript
<details>
  <summary>Click to expand!</summary>

  ```
  One thing I couldn't, couldn't ever stomach about living in Santa Carla.
  All the damn vampires, what you're going to hear about today is nothing short
  of a miracle. Hello, everybody. Welcome to Pub Stomp, a podcast about games,
  TV shows, movies and pop culture in general. Every episode we discuss topics
  that we find interesting come join our shenanigans. Hey, you! Welcome to
  another episode of Pub Stomp podcast. As you can tell, my quality kind of
  sucks is my fault. My mistake? But it doesn't matter because we're going to be
  talking about an 80s movie called The Lost Boys. If you haven't seen this
  movie, it's probably going to be. It's you can watch it on the plane. You can
  watch it on anything. But it's it's it's very. We'll talk about it. Don't
  worry about it. Anyway, we know what's up, Tyler. How's it going? There's
  something sexy. Howdy. Man, I've seen you guys so much in the past few weeks.
  It's like. No, no, I still I still don't like. I still want to move back to
  Arizona. It's just so dry, so dry. I miss the trees, man, man. But don't worry
  about the trees because we were inside watching TV, right? There was some big
  announcement. DC FanDome, something like that. I didn't catch it, but you guys
  told me about it. Some of you were excited about some stuff more than others.
  Maybe Mexican. Tell us about Superman. I don't know what movies too soon.
  Superman was outside of it. Oh, outside of it, outside of the DC FanDome. So
  then you can still tell us a little bit later. So what was what was the DC
  fandom was just a bunch of movies that got announced. It's kind of like the
  Disney like, so people don't go to San Diego Comic-Con anymore. They everybody
  does their own thing. And so Disney has been doing theirs for a while now, and
  last year, because of COVID is DC was like, You know what? We can do our own
  one two in the DC FanDome was born. So this is the first year now this is the
  second year they do it. Gotcha. Pretty, pretty big deal, pretty big deal. Um,
  they announced they showed like trailers for the new Batman. They announced
  the actual release date, which is March 4th next year. They showed the first
  trailer for Black Adam, which was huge. Everybody's like Black Adam because
  it's the rock doing Black Adam. Oh yeah, nice. I need to watch the trailer.
  Um, and then they show the teaser for The Flash, which is some kind of
  multiverse thing, if you know Disney's in their multiverse, so why not? Um,
  and then they show their real aerials for the new Aquaman and then the new
  Shazam movie that's coming out as well. So, okay, a lot of like announcements.
  And then they did the teaser for the Peacemaker show. See, that's the one I
  care about. Everything else is like, Yeah, it's all right, peacemaker, because
  it's so funny that that's the one you picked. That's awesome. I mean, because
  from the movie we watch, was it called Suicide Squad, you kind of have a
  connection. All the other characters. It's so different from what I grew up
  with. I grew up with like the cartoons and then the games. And then like, it's
  like whole world differently. It's just not the same. So peacemaker about
  things coming together exactly why I didn't care about it now, but I guess I
  have to care now because everybody's putting everything together. So why are
  you making movies so complicated? You run a pop culture podcast. You need to
  care. Anyways, this is my two cents. I showed some video game trailers like
  Suicide Squad Kill the Justice League. That's pretty cool. It had a lot of
  cool stuff to show. Okay. Do you have to pay to attend this event, or is it
  just like I mean, I went to The Verge sitcom and I saw what they announced, so
  I don't know if the event is like, you pay and then you can watch it.
  Honestly, I have no idea. Since I'm not a huge DC fan, I never really care to
  look at like, how do you go? I just woke up and YouTube was filled with DC
  trailers. I know they do it online, like they do streams online and stuff, but
  I don't know if people can actually go. Last year, obviously not because.
  Kelvin, cool. Yeah, that's that's cool, man. So I mean, Superman announcement.
  What was that part of them? Oh boy, the internet love this internet. So on
  national coming out day, you see, oh, there's there's a date for that. I don't
  know that there's a date for it. That's why it's a big deal. National coming
  out day. They announced that Jonathan Kent, Superman's son, is no sexual. No,
  not the reaction all the way. There you go. I'm just I'm I'm sorry to be like,
  No way. I don't know. Look, you had already told me this. That's all. I'm
  trying to be organic here. But yeah, man, that's that's cool. Look, I think
  it's more shocking once you see like that. So when you hear it, it's like, All
  right, it's not a big deal. But then when you see, like the Superman suit and
  then he's kissing, kissing a little boy or like, I don't know if it's a little
  boy kissing a little, whoa, whoa. He's like, sex, I'm not a pedophile. It's
  just like, it's a young boy, a young man, young man. There you go. He also let
  me get the young man there, two young men kissing each other. Look, man, it's
  just like with the muscles. Superman looks older. You know, he's like, ripped,
  right? It's just like, Oh, I honestly have no problem with it. He can do
  whatever he wants to do. So, hey, man, more power to you. But then so why?
  What was it? A big deal? Because they were like, Oh, my Superman doesn't kiss
  man. He's red blooded American. And, you know, it's like, Well, this is not
  American. Like, he was like, I was going, I was going to say he was born in
  America, but you know, he was raised in America, right? He raised the red,
  white and blue. I mean, I don't care. I think it's ridiculous. And it's not
  like we're losing the straight Superman. We just have another character who we
  don't know if he's straight. We don't know. Well, yes, he could have been
  faking this whole time. He could be by. He's in love with Louis Lane. We know
  that for a fact, but not by any means. You like both. Right? This is what I'm
  saying, man. We have this character. He's straight as far as anybody knows,
  and now we have this other character and people, you know, he's bisexual. It
  doesn't. You're not losing one to get the other one right? You keep. You have
  both. It's OK. You can have two Superman's like. And it doesn't really matter
  because there's like different like. Uh, what is it, multiverses of Superman's
  right like, so if one of them's gay, who cares? I mean, there's bound to be
  one that's gay, right, because if you have a multiverse, it's a probability.
  Yeah, well, it's like it's just such a non-issue that people made it an issue.
  Yeah, but I mean, I'm yeah, but also like, you know, like, you know, DC was
  angling and stuff like, Yeah, let's stir the pot, let's make some noise. No,
  DC was super excited to do this because the guy who's writing it, it was like,
  Hey, can we do this? And they were like, Yeah, hell yeah. Because like I said,
  it doesn't like the way that I heard it explained by the guy who was like, if
  one were like having a bisexual Superman, you don't lose anything. There's
  nothing that's lost there. But if you have one and certain people are
  represented, finally, you just gained a bunch of people finally seeing
  themselves somewhere else, right? You're not you're not losing the straight
  Superman. You're just gaining, you know, a bisexual Superman. And it's fine.
  Like, it's like, who cares, right? You're not losing anything to gain
  something. And I think that's the mentality that a lot of people have that see
  this as wrong. It's like, Oh yeah, I'm losing my Superman, and you're not. So
  shut up. Yeah, I'm not crying because I don't have a Mexican super man, I'm
  just saying the one Mexican Superman, they did it. He's evil, kind of. Yeah,
  but I mean, we did lose somebody. Kanye West, it's no longer kind of. Oh, he's
  still can you? He's now Jay-Z. His Uist. No, I think his name is just, you
  know, Oh, it's just your last name. No. OK. I pretty much became a symbol.
  Nice. OK, cool. Anyway, I'm really going to have the same effect. That was a
  random tried, but it doesn't matter. Well, that's that's the that's the news.
  A lot of DC stuff coming up if you read the comics. Going to get a different
  flavor of Superman, which is exciting. I think you have to see the pictures.
  I'll put a little post in the show notes. I think it does make. It does make a
  splash. Let's just say that, so it's cool, it's exciting, exciting, weird. Why
  isn't it's not weird, it's just like in your like, it's it's it's different.
  What's it called? I this it's not the one, I thought. It's just, yeah, because
  I haven't seen, if you've seen, it's like a different tone, right? Like, it's
  not the same as the other comics as you see before. Like, whatever, maybe you
  don't. Maybe it doesn't matter. Oh, use your own judgment. Look at it. Let us
  know in the comments. Anyway, but what did make a splash was 80s movies, man.
  Again, The Lost Boys. Oh man, do those mixes recommendation because we're in
  an October spooky season and this is, I guess, makes you like this movie.
  You've seen it so many times. I've never seen this before. You've never seen
  it in the canal. Kinkel Yeah, I guess I must have missed it. Yeah, yeah, I
  must have missed it. Tyler, have you seen this before? No. Never heard of it.
  Maybe I've heard of it once or twice. Not really. Yeah. Did you ask your dad
  at all about it or your parents? I didn't. I mean, I watched it today, so I
  don't really have much time, but I will, and I am pleased about that. I'm glad
  we've we've moved on from the 80s. I don't hear it. I don't hate it. So I'll
  tell you they were styling, right? But did they add some style? Yes. A lot of
  that, a lot of that's coming back around. Yeah. Everything goes in cycles,
  right? But yeah, it's a vampire movie place in some town in California and
  Clara Sinclair, Santa Clara and Sunny Carlos. Yeah. Now they say, specifically
  Santa Carla in the movie, because I thought, I think it's a made up place
  tomato place. Yeah, but I mean, it's a made up town. Yeah. And that's I mean,
  the premise is these kids family moves, this town depend on it as vampires and
  they fight. They need to no more. That's it, then. But it's a lot of weird
  stuff in the movie that I want to talk about, but I guess we'll do the
  roundtable since we always do this. So we'll start with you because we know,
  we know what you want to say. Just say. Much like. And nobody should see it.
  Just kidding. I really like to see. I remember watching it a lot when I was a
  little kid. It was like just one of those summer movies and like, it's
  vampires and like, my mom loves vampire stuff, so I would see it all the time.
  I really like it. Okay, Tyler. Is I to to pull out Maxie's line? It was like
  it was OK, it was good as an 80s classic movie, if you're in the mood to watch
  an 80 and 80s classic movie, you know, it's like. It's hard for me to get in
  the mood to watch. It's like the storytelling in movies has changed so much.
  Yeah, it's definitely like a mind shift to get into it. But yeah, it was like,
  I mean, when you watch it, you know what you're watching. So it was
  entertaining, for sure. Cool. All right. And yeah, I resonate with everything
  you said. I honestly, at first it was so hard to watch. I started watching it
  on the plane and I was like, I I can't. It's just like, Why are we? Why are we
  doing this? It's like you said, it's a mind shift you have to like, like
  switch your your what is it like gears a little bit to like. OK, I'm watching
  an 80s movie. The pacing is going to be all over the place. And for once, I
  Academy Award winning film, right? Like, no, no, it's fine. But it's just like
  the style is, it's different. And then once you once you get into it, it does
  get better, but it starts pretty rough hatred. Are there any jobs around here?
  Nothing legal. Oh my God. That's fine. There's so it's just like I want to
  hear. I want to talk more about some of the scenes because I don't know. Yeah,
  I'll leave it at that, so anyway, yeah, it's like I enjoyed it towards the
  middle portion. The the beginning and the end are a little bit rough for me,
  but I think that the middle section was solid. Well, that's for the best part.
  I think it was pretty cool. Yeah. All right. So it's I guess what we do want
  to make. They say our favorite character so that for me, it's kind of weird. I
  guess we can do that. We'll pick a character you want to talk about. And so it
  makes you just tell us, who's your favorite character? I have such a favorite
  character. Yeah, it's the grandpa. Every time I see the grandpa, this is the
  best said. Yes, but that's the best line in the movie. But come on, grandpa
  was just so good. He's funny. You know, he's like one of the scenes is like, I
  guess I'm not the only one that got laid. I felt like, Oh yeah, it's
  situational. Comedy was so funny. Yeah. And there's like that scene where
  they're carrying the girl and the kid up the stairs and he's like, he's not
  concerned that they're carrying two bodies up the stairs. Like, Did you fill
  up the gas tank? No. Yeah. You know, like, it's just like, All right, kids
  will be kids, I guess. Like, I like the grandpa. That was the best. So that
  was a favorite character. Yeah, I guess he's kind of like he's kind of like at
  a place like this is like everybody's like all serious, but he like wraps up
  the story too. Yeah. In the end, he wraps it up and then he delivers like the
  closing line. You know, it's like one thing I couldn't, couldn't ever stomach
  about living in Santa Carla. All the damn vampires could lie. I the ending. I
  was like, What the hell did I just watch? Like, he's like Grandpa Van Helsing
  with the stakes coming out of his truck. Oh yeah. How did he know he needed it
  around the house? It's 80s. I mean, like to be fair, though, like you're
  hearing like you're probably driving home, you're seeing your house like this
  happening because like one of the vampires blew up, one of the other ones had
  like a beam of light coming towards them. One of them died by a stereo like,
  you're driving home, you're like, Oh shit, going down at home. Yeah, that, I
  guess. Or, you know, I guess he was the 80s. I literally thought he was a
  California Van Helsing who drives around with the truck full of snakes. Well,
  was it the truck full of snakes? I think he just ran because earlier in the
  scenes you see him pulling down the a wooden post fence. So I think he just
  rammed that. Yeah, I think he just rammed the fence and they went through with
  him. You mean they had that good of continuity and I missed it. Yep. Yes, it
  is, sir. And you mentioned, I think you told me yesterday that you can see the
  grandpa preparing for like fighting vampires, right? So I guess he kind of
  knew already. So I rewatched it today. So like one of the first lines that he
  mentions is like Santa Clara, Santa Carla is the number one murder capital of
  the United States or something. And like later in the scenes, you could see a
  lot of missing persons pictures. They make it really obvious that people just
  die here. So like. So the grandpa knew from the beginning that's why he's
  always being weird and. I think he's just been weird because it's a weird
  grandpa. Yeah, but I mean, he knew at the end when he's like, Oh, it's all the
  damn vampire. It's like he knew from the beginning that there's a lot of
  vampires in the area. Do you have a, I guess that makes already stole it? But
  oh yeah, he's my favorite dude. My favorite. And I guess my second favorite
  would be the comic book Boys the year. I don't know the one with an
  obnoxiously deep voice that didn't make any sense because we kind a raspy
  voice, right? I don't even know. Yeah. Are you talking about sorry? Uh, yeah,
  really? Yeah. Does he just naturally have a deep voice? Yes. Edgar Frog and
  Allen Frog. That's just their names in the movie. Yeah, that yeah, that's so
  those those two guys, the comic book guys. Yeah. So that guy and the main
  character from the the brother, the little brother. They were known as The
  Coreys in the 80s. You're super famous because they were in all kinds of
  movies together together, they called them The Coreys. So his voice is
  naturally that deep. That's not like he's not forcing nah. Nah, that's that's
  fascinating. No, man. It just doesn't sound natural. Like, I mean, nothing
  against it. Just. No, it doesn't. I thought he was faking it. I thought he was
  going to drop it later, but I guess he'd never did. I thought the vibe was
  like a kid doing an adult voice. That's not doing because he was trying to be
  all tough. Ah, OK, today all I. At that point, he was probably the movie's 87.
  I'll say he was like mid-teens early, yeah, mid-teens teens. Yeah, I guess
  actors are usually a little older than they look too, so that's fair. But
  yeah, they were they were cool. The scene where they like, Oh, we haven't
  talked about scenes yet, but whatever when they yeah, yeah, they have, they
  are like armed to the teeth with their steaks and stuff. It's pretty funny.
  Yeah. So, all right, so I'll go. My favorite character, so honorable mention
  the saxophone guy. He had nothing to do in this movie, but damn, we have a
  long scene. That thing went for like five minutes. He played the entire song
  and I was like, That's like. I looked him up as like this guy famous. He's not
  he was, he is like. He was part of some band with some lady is the scene where
  the dude's looking for star. The girl like, he's just like, that's when he met
  he. He meets her like, he says. And they're at the concert and the this guy's
  just rocking because when his big chain is buff, dude playing the saxophone,
  it's like all greased up. He's playing the saxophone for a long time. For a
  movie. It's the it's the precursor to the saxophone guy. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I
  know it's funny. It's like, Yeah, I mean, so I thought it was the same guy as
  like, I mean, look, this guy, but it's not the same guy. Yeah, but it sounds
  that to me. I mean, it's not like it's just an honorable mention because I
  really don't have a favorite character, though, like all over the place. Wow.
  OK. My second film would have to be star. She had like three lines. It's like,
  No. And then like, what was the main character's name? Michael Michael
  Michael? No, it's blood. Yeah, Michael Michael. No. Also, she said, the whole
  movie. Michael? No, Michael, are you OK? It's blood, Michael. Yeah. So those
  two, it was like it was blood. Yeah, it was like blood, wasn't it? Oh yes, you
  don't. Yeah, I said that. Yeah. Well, she a vampire, too. Yes, she was the
  half vampire. How does that work? Does she hadn't killed somebody yet? Yeah,
  that's a good. Returned. That's a good talking point, because I'm curious like
  how standard this is as far as vampire stories go. Yeah, let's get into that
  because. And I listen to that. Yeah, we can go into that. All right. So we
  don't know where the vampires come from. No, that's fine. Perfect segue,
  because I'm curious about that because I know everybody in the game was a
  vampire, but we never see star turn. We see everybody else turned, but not not
  her. And she's a half vampire who? Who did Michael kill? He didn't kill
  anybody. He didn't kill anybody. He didn't turn either. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, we
  were. Kid was a full vampire. Wasn't a kid, either. Bitcoin, really? Because
  he had teeth. Yeah. But I don't think it wasn't her kid. It was just a A. It
  was just. Yeah. Got it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You see him in a in a milk carton
  and at one point a milk carton. Yeah. Got it. Got it. Yeah, it was some kid.
  But he also didn't turn. He did turn, but he wasn't. Was he a full vampire?
  No, he wasn't. Oh, that's true, because it became normal again because he
  where they were in the Sun, remember? And they didn't blow up, but he was the
  only half vampire that they showed with teeth, which I thought was weird. But
  maybe it's also Michael had teeth. Michael? Yeah, I missed a lot with this
  one. Sorry, I was trying to watch it while I was working. No, that's not good.
  It's OK. But yeah, so Michael Michael did like, go have like half vampire at
  the end and the little kids scare the crap out of me. That's the term. Yeah,
  do I? Sterling? I didn't expect that thing to come, and it was scary to the
  vampires. They didn't hold back the looks. So scary. Yeah. So I don't know. So
  rules, do they match up as a whole? I mean, if it varies across different
  like. Films and stuff, as I know, have seen that one, but I've also seen that
  for werewolves like werewolves me to kill somebody before they turn into full
  werewolves. Or like that to kill their best friend, like in the case there. So
  they just like pick and choose. I mean, I've seen, I guess I've seen a few
  vampire movies and they're all a little different because then this one is
  garlic doesn't work, right? You know, the holy water does. But holy water,
  that one, I don't get it at all because they're the spawn of Satan, man. I
  doesn't cross it just because. But why does the garlic not work? Because it's
  stupid. Why would garlic work? Why would holy water work? I don't know.
  Because because they're literally like they made a deal with the devil. Like,
  supposedly how that's how Dracula came about. Or, like Dracula is the
  progenitor of all vampire or all their money. And so you made a deal with the
  devil and then. You know. OK. Holy it works against evil shit, right? Yeah,
  that's fair. Yeah, that's that's fair, I guess, I mean, for what it's worth,
  but. So drinking so it normally in other movies, the way I knew it is, if a
  vampire bites you, then you become a vampire, too. And this that also varies.
  That also varies because then some of the movies you have, like if you watch
  like Twilight and like Blade and all that, like, it's a poison. Like they have
  something when they bite you, they're like spit turns into a vampire. Hmm.
  Some of them, they do like, you have to drink my blood and then you become a
  vampire, too. That's what keeps me like. That's how they keep it pure, right?
  Because like otherwise, anybody that they eat would turn into a vampire. Like,
  sometimes you have to kill people, you know? So that's also very. So in this
  one, the Michael drank or everybody drank somebody's blood. And that had
  become OK. Yeah, I don't know that that was fine. So I guess, should you know,
  one thing I wanted to point out or talk about was the the cave scene when
  Michael follows these guys. Into the Cucina eating that food chain. I didn't
  understand it. I was like, How are they also like vampires doing magic to all
  psychic powers? Yes. So they can fly. They have psychic powers and sometimes
  they fly uncontrollably. Yes. And I've never seen them before air. Help me.
  Yeah, that was frustrating to watch, but. Yes. So the cue scene that's where
  Michael turns like follows these guys and he's OK. Rewind a little bit. So
  see, Michael finds star and he's like, Oh, let's go eat. And then start is
  like, OK, I'm going to go with you. And then like the main, the main bad guy.
  Or I forget his name, but the blonde vampire is a star. Let's go. And then she
  just goes, It's like, does he have any power over her or like, What's the
  deal? I don't understand. That's funny. That's the that was the scene. I
  realized, Oh, we're watching a vampire movie. No. So man, these are all
  continuity man. You guys missed all this stuff. So the plan was she was
  supposed to kill him and make him like that was supposed to be her first kill.
  No, he's talking about the first the first cave scene. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So
  that was the whole point of her going with him was because he was supposed to
  be her first like kill so that she would turn into a vampire. But but it
  couldn't kill him because the daddy vampire wanted him so that he could turn
  into a vampire to convince the mom to turn into a vampire for DHS here, man.
  Yeah, I see. Yeah, so. Okay. Yeah, they talked about it a little bit at the
  end, but I didn't didn't backtrack it to the beginning. I should watch it
  again so I can see that that came in. I got 20 plus years of watching this.
  Really, I yeah. Yeah, you know this movie? Cool. Cool. Now, now the movie is
  more interesting. Yeah, it's actually got really good continuity. Like, I know
  you guys are like hating on it, but it did a pretty good job of like tying
  things together. The art thing. It's the 80s like pacing. Yeah, it's it's a
  little strange because it's like he's chasing after this girl in like creepy
  way. Honestly, yes, very creepy. He just looks at me like, I'm going to chase
  you. And then this group of dudes are kind of, well, I guess. Is that a mind
  control thing? They're the reason why he followed is because they kind of
  convinced him to, not because he was jealous, because he's an alpha male. But
  see, that doesn't take the girl you took the girl that I wanted to bang. So
  I'm going to go hang out with you and ride me with, Yeah. He wants part of the
  cool kids. But I wrote that off. It's like eighties cop. Yeah, man, isn't it?
  I mean, we could explain it a whole bunch of different ways. All I know is
  they when they went into that cave and as a child, I hated that scene because
  it was the scariest scene in the world. Like, eat the rice, Michael tells the
  maggots, Michael maggots. And then it dried, and then he left its worms. It's
  where it's just noodles, Michael. I like how they just say his name. Michael,
  Michael, Michael. Yeah. So I guess since we're on this, it's like, Go ahead,
  go ahead. And then the chicks like, Don't drink it. It's blood. And he's like,
  Ha stupid. You've been saying that all day and then he drinks it. And so I
  guess I have two two scenes that I want to like. Like, Can I talk trash about?
  Can I talk to you first? Yeah, go ahead. This scene to my I. I've never been
  able to figure this out. So, you know, after the scary like, I'm floating away
  and he's figuring out he's becoming a vampire. Yeah, he goes to the cave to go
  talk to star. And then they kiss, and then they have sex. It's like, Why?
  Yeah, it didn't. I did not get that at all. I was like, I guess, I guess you
  have to have a sex scene because it's a scary movie. It was the eighties,
  right? It was like, it's was like, this scene made no sense. The sequence of
  events is like, It's OK, Michael sex. It's like, what? It's like an 80s. Like
  the scene where they like, fade the one scene over. It's like they didn't even
  play the in the air tonight. Yeah, I was like, that scene was like, no sense.
  If this doesn't make it into the movie, it doesn't remove. It doesn't break it
  or make it like this totally does for the fan service what it was a setup so
  that grandpa can say. I guess I'm not the only one that got laid. You know?
  Yeah. You know the the continuity thing you were talking about. She was
  supposed to kill him when she said that I thought that that was the time she
  was supposed to kill him. That's how I that's how I made it in my brain, but
  maybe it's wrong. No, no, because at that point, the daddy vampire wanted to
  convert the kids so that the mom would so he she couldn't kill him because she
  he needed to be. Yeah, that's fair. That's just what I thought as I was
  watching it. But I got I got years. I got you. Yeah. All right, so they that I
  want to talk trash about is like when the mom or is like, it's like a weird
  cringe scene, it's like the moms the mom is, you just get to town and she's
  walking around and she goes to the video store and she's like, Oh, so dumb.
  That's like, why? Why do they make? It was such a weird. She was like, I need
  a job or like, I don't know, she says, You look like you need a job. Am I so
  desperate? Like what? Why is this so strange? You just like, do that bad
  writing and acting? That's like, yeah, it's like unnecessary. I guess that's
  what we show that he falls in love with her or like he wants her. He showed
  that she was a good mom because the little kid was lost. So she's like, Let me
  help you find your mommy? And he's like, Oh, this could be my bride. Yeah,
  that's all that is. But since I didn't say it was good. But it is, but it was
  a bad scene. Anyway, that's and I forgot the other one. I think it must have
  been the sex scene because I was also like, what? What the fuck? But sex scene
  is the best that it's like, Why is this here? Yeah. Oh, so they could put it
  in the trailer? Yeah, there you go. I have no idea. I'm just going to imagine
  it. Probably. It probably was. Yeah. What did you guys think? So this is a
  scary movie, right? Or is supposed to be? What did you guys think of the like
  parts that had a bunch of gore, like the when they go and they kill their son
  when they kill people and they don't like actually killing people at the fire,
  at the fire pit, killing the punch in the Aerosmith? Yeah. What do you guys
  sing on fire? I thought there was out of place. Honestly. It's a little weird
  at the bottom, it just didn't fit the tone of the movie, in my opinion. Right.
  The other thing was. But it's OK because they were killing Nazis. That's what
  they're credited as surf Nazi, one surf Nazi, too. I did see that in the
  credits. Yeah, it was weird. Yes. Kind of like escalates, right, it's like,
  look like an OK movie, like there's boys, be boys, you know, hang from the
  bottom of the of the railroad track jumping down into then like all of a
  sudden like turn into like these creatures, these vampires. And it's scary,
  man, the costume and they just start biting. And then, like blood gushing
  everywhere, it's like what? It's like. But that's like a horror movie, right?
  That's like the vampire thing. You have to feed it, you know? And then to I
  didn't think it was scary at all. I just it just really felt out of place for
  me. That's all it was. The other thing that was out of place was when they in
  the house scene, when they kill the guy in the bathtub and the entire plumbing
  for the house blows up and there's blood like way more blood than it's in any
  human body. Yeah. Yeah. But that kind of falls under the the pretenses that
  they showed up, because when they kill that dude in the cave, he just burst
  out as a fountain as well. It's like, Well, look at all this black goo
  everywhere. And then before they kill the vampires they're talking about, like
  no vampire dies the same way. So because one of them died with that way, the
  other one died with the singing No explosion. So the one with the radio? Yeah,
  but I honestly thought it was too much. I was like, Yeah, it was. It was a
  scary scene. It was scary when he came back from the water. They got me. I was
  like, Oh my God, it's going to come back up. But I still looked like I still
  got scared. You can see it going down the drain too, though, like all the
  girls show it. Yeah, but it's it's I get it. I mean, the toilet. The toilet
  blew up. Come on part of the floor. That was. It's a little much. It's a
  little much. It's is the 80s had that stuff, right? They go a lot of those
  scary movies had that good stuff. Yeah. But yeah, I agree out of place or too
  much, you know, you could be just like flushing under. Okay, what about that
  dude that died by stereo? Huh? Yeah. State like someone's shooting with an air
  disaster? Yeah, I want to explode it, right? So, yep. And what about the the
  final, the final fight, the final fight with Michael? And I forget his name. I
  should have written it down. But the main, the guy that we are led to believe
  that is the main vampire at the. David. Yeah. David, you respect that man,
  sir. That's Kiefer Sutherland. All right. Yeah. I'm not saying he's bad. I'm
  just saying, like the fight. It's a little weak, in my opinion. You thought it
  was weak. I thought it was pretty good for the 80s. You're looking at it at
  those lens from now. Like for the 80s, it was kind of a cool scene. And like
  him flying around, slapping him in the face and stuff like that, yeah, like
  like you could see them like clash in the air and then they just something
  that was like kind of cool play with the shadows a little bit. Yeah, that's
  good. Okay. I just thought, like you kind of like they give you too many hints
  as to what's going to happen, right? Like they keep going to the the the steak
  like the oh yeah, that's definitely true. Yeah, yeah. It's like it was like
  they like the look at the camera pans over to the thing where they're going to
  get styling and the camera pans back to the fighting and then talk to you
  like, Oh, and keep going back. I was like, Oh God, guy's like, Hey, I wonder
  what's going to happen? I wonder what's going to happen now, gee? So that's
  the stuff that I. But I guess the fight was OK, but then they stab them and
  they play that banger song. Still, not like, I don't like that. I love it. And
  then the light, the light is very political. You know, it's like, Whoa, Jesus,
  like, OK, OK. Yeah, yeah. Where did the line come from? Nobody knows. Nobody
  knows. Because, yeah, you see him go away. He turns back into a human, but
  he's not. But then Michael is still a vampire. So everybody else. Well, what
  about that plot twist, though? The plot twist? Did you guys expect the video
  guy to be the main, the main Dracula or main vampire? I guess. I'm not going
  to lie. I don't remember my original reaction. I mean, you were probably a
  kid. I did not expect them. I did not expect it. I did. And then I went away.
  Originally I was well. I questioned it when they were like, You know, I was
  like, Oh, isn't the best thing, isn't the key for David, the the head guy. And
  then I was like, Oh, that's too easy, because then they're they're looking for
  the head guys. And I was like, Is it him? And then they're testing him. And
  then it's like, Oh, when he when he asked to be invited into the house, I was
  like, Oh, he is. And then I kind of went away from it. After that, I thought
  they did a they did a good job with that part of the storytelling, I thought,
  Yeah. I didn't catch it. Yeah. I didn't catch the part where they invited him
  into the thing like I heard it, but I was like, Why? Why is he being so weird
  about it? Are you being an aggressive mate? Yeah. So I guess it makes sense
  because they explained the rules. So yeah, yeah, I did not see it coming. I
  was like Nike illegally. They're they're establishing all these things, man.
  There's there's I. I let my guard down because they were like some. They were
  making everything obvious, so I let my guard down. So maybe, maybe that was
  the effect they were going for. You know, was like, Oh, they'll never see this
  coming. Yeah. I mean, they they did basically explain that away. Well, you let
  me in. So it rendered you powerless. Like, Yeah, but man, that's stamina
  enough. That guy like three dates like well and then like half dates. But I
  mean, like, I mean, let's be real. Like, if that happens to you, I'm kind of
  like pissing out on the first one. It's like, this is not worth it. Yeah, man.
  If I see my date just running out without saying anything, I'll be like, You
  know what? Ghosted. Because this guy's name, he's been waiting for her. He's
  patient, persistent patient. Yeah. So what is it? What else does he have to
  do? Go work at a video store. Yeah, but yeah, man, that's that's. I definitely
  recommend watching this movie. I don't know if you could watch is definitely
  if you're epileptic. What is it called epileptic? Yeah. You do not watch this.
  Are you going to have an attack? I guess it's also an interesting right to do
  that flashing thing a lot. Yeah. They didn't care back then. Didn't care. It's
  it's uncomfortable for me to watch that. So yeah, if you have that, don't
  watch this movie, you will have. It'll be bad, but otherwise recommended.
  Probably not. With Kid, it is rated R. There are some parts that are, I mean,
  actually watch as a child. So I guess he's scarred for life. But yeah, it's
  it's it's one of those that it's it's for the most part, is fine. And then
  there's like a few parts there's like you guys could tone it down a notch.
  Yes, but guys want a fun fact. Yeah. Well, so it's then being rebooted very
  soon. Oh, it is interesting. OK? Is that your goal behind this, huh? It was
  not. It's something that I found out recently. I was like, Oh. Okay. You know,
  I don't know, man, I almost don't want them to report this because I don't
  know if they could be. I'm still going to watch it because I'm curious now if
  it doesn't have those weird, awkward pauses, awkward lines like the grandpa
  with the did the last. That last line of the grandpa is like, what I was so
  thrown off was like, what else is there to let you know that people knew
  vampires were a thing? That's it. But that's how the movie ends. Yeah. And
  then what's going to happen with star? What's going to happen? Like, are they
  together now or they together now? Oh my god. Let me talk about this because
  this has bugged me for so long and not just this movie, it just every single
  like movie since I was born. We're like the main character has a love
  interest, and then they just get life together at the end of the movie. And
  I'm just always wondering, like. What happened after? Like, like like like in
  this case, they're like, what, 20 something, right? Like no potential for it.
  Now that is the oldest high school student I've ever seen in my life. But
  that's how they do it in the movies. They have, like 30 year old people
  pretending in high school anyway. Yeah, I'm like, I'm like, Are they together
  forever? Is that what I'm allowed to believe? Like, I want the rom com after
  this. Yeah, yeah. Not enough material meant to make a movie, but yeah, I don't
  know. I don't know. And the kid does go back to his parents. I don't know,
  man. It's all like too many things that I need to know. But anyway, that's it.
  I'm done with this movie. I probably. Well, one more thing. Do you see how
  that kid was complaining about leaving Phoenix to go to that place like bro,
  like, were you like, have you been actually, the Phoenix is hot. Like, I'd be
  so stoked. Great. She was like, Let's go back to Phoenix. Yeah. You have a
  beach. It's like nice weather. Trees look nice. Yeah, go back to Phoenix.
  What? Like, Yeah, I'm in Phoenix right now, man. I can't. I miss. I miss the
  trees. I mean, don't get me wrong, it's like, like, if I moved somewhere
  nicer, I would be like, I mean, don't get me wrong, guys like this. Plenty of
  parking. Ample parking everywhere. Everywhere you go, you can park. I can take
  three rows and it was still enough for everybody else to park so much parking
  lot, man. Yeah, it's so, so weird. I know I've been here before, but like
  after not being here for a while, it's like the hell more parking lot than
  stores. Convenient. Huh. Yeah, like it seems like it just seems wasteful by
  whatever means. But yeah, that kid doesn't even know what he's got like now.
  Hopefully, you up after that whole episode, he'll appreciate the houses. Maybe
  they'll have to move back to Phoenix. Yeah, but yeah. Okay, all right. Well, I
  think I think we pretty much summed it up one more fun fact. One more fun fact
  Bella from life also moved from Phoenix to bend or whatever it is. Oh, that's
  yeah, it's Washington, it's actually like a three hour like a three hour drive
  from where I live. I'm just saying if you're moving somewhere, you're probably
  going to from Phoenix to somewhere else. There's probably vampires there.
  That's that's all. There you go. That's what you're saying. Okay. That's the
  connection right there. So I I've been wanting to go to that part of
  Washington because I've heard it's pretty nice, but it's quite a drive three
  hour drive into the middle of nowhere. Basically, folks, a small town. Another
  fun fact there's vampire blood is also glittery in the lost boys. Oh, go back
  and watch you in the cupboard. Yeah, this is glittery. So vampires are
  glittery in a lot of the places. Insane fantasy. The universe is asking the
  same universe continuity and continuity. All right. And with that, catch you
  in the next one piece. Oh, see you later. Thank you for listening. If you like
  this podcast, please give us a star heart or leave us a review. You can follow
  us on Twitch, Twitter or YouTube at Pub Stomp Podcast. That's pube WSJ.com Pod
  cast. For more episodes, go to Anchor Dot FM Slash Pub Stomp Music provided by
  99 Live's credits are in the episode description.
  ```

</details>
