---
title: "061 - Army of Thieves"
date: 2022-07-02T11:18:46-07:00
---
Army of Thieves is the prequel to Army of the Dead where we follow the backstory of Dieter and how he came to be a criminal safe cracking mastermind. In general, it's a very enjoyable movie, but don't expect any big brain connections to the other movies, at least none that we could detect.
{{< anchor 061 >}}
<!--more-->

## Timestamps
00:00 Intro
01:23 Putting the dogs away
01:43 mexy does the chip challenge!
07:47 Halloween!
09:10 Twitch Bits Money Laundering
12:52 Who is Meta? Mark BBQ Zuckerberg
16:24 Topic Intro: Army of Thieves
18:04 Roundtable: trigoman
18:37 Roundtable: Tyler
19:11 Roundtable: mexy
21:06 The Interpol's Dedication was unparalled!
23:19 Deiter gets invited to the safe cracking contest
24:55 The first bank heist was very meta
26:08 Introducing the cast
26:48 The love triangle throughout the movie is very predictable
28:45 Is screaming a German thing? Nah, just Dieter being Dieter.
29:41 There's a tragic story behind the builder of the safes
30:59 The ridiculousness of the safe's difficulty was alluring
33:14 The betrayal scene was rough
34:00 mexy swears he saw a tentacle zombie but it was show girl
36:36 Hoping this movie had aliens to tie up to the previous one
37:38 Third movie in the series is Planet of the Dead
40:05 If Planet of the Dead ties up both movies, mexy will eat another chip
43:08 Not a bad movie, but pales in comparison to Army of the Dead
44:49 German, safes, and casinos
45:12 Outro

Timestamps created with https://clips.marketing by @cgenco

## Show Notes
Paqui Chip: https://paqui.com/onechipchallenge/
Sweet Baby Ray's: https://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local/sweet-baby-rays-bbq-sauce-spotted-on-zuckerbergs-bookshelf-causes-social-media-craze/2660448/

## Credits
{{< podcast-footer >}}
